through the Navy. You get a lot of leadership opportunity ever since you
joined. So you can be tutoring somebody you can actually be in charge
of. Ah, a small group of cleaners and painters. Um, as you progress
through the ranks of being a petty officer, um, those experiences
grow more and more. So I think it really complicated in my whole
experience when I became the training petty officer as a first class,
um, for the Navy Reserve, that was the, uh that's after eight years
of being in the Navy Reserve. Then I switched over to being a civilian.
And then, um, during that first position, I was actually in charge
of training 35 people on, um, how they learned what things were
learning and whether they're keeping up, Um, and on track.